[Music]
oh my god
Hey hi my name's Jonathan Winer I'm a
grad student at UC Davis California but
right now I'm living in Shanghai China
and right now we're in Joplin which is
the capital of a province and is receive
a lot of people around here that travel
and keep it around by bicycle so what
i'm doing here is research on a really
recent growing phenomenon the electric
bicycle
it's going to be a really important
technology or China especially for
what
this guy this guy's gotta watch your
tricycle providing him incredible
mobility technology it's giving
elderly
[Music]
really interesting research project
that
just to give you a glimpse of traffic on
a Sunday afternoon and chitchat long and
you'll see there's an e-bike right there
kind of looks like a scooter but it's
totally electric there's one right there
the problem is a lot of governments just
feel that that electric bicycles and
bicycles don't represent a modern city
so there are discouraging bikes in favor
of cars which has a lot of problems
associated with it so here's some thick
traffic downtown shot wrong right near
the train station see it's kind of a
mess see here here's the whole family
riding handling system so electric bike
little baby I'm back
mother-father riding okay
[Music]
don't finish
yeah
[Music]
so they think it's more convenient to
take your mom around
so that's one reason
[Music]
you